Let's see, I wanted to catch up too.
What happened to you, Indian, with this
girl?  So it turns out that
this
girl blocked you.  Anna
Gurgi.  I don't know if you see the tweet, okay?
This is a tweet from Anna Gurgi.  This
was the one we were reacting to the
other day, wasn't it?  He said so much nonsense
that I don't see that he works at Carlota Corredera's place
.  This, what did she say?
That Rocío Carrasco had won a
lawsuit against Gloria Camila for libel, right?
He said something like this.  And what does
the girl say here?  And Beto is
subtly getting up.  We'll see Antonio
David next Friday.  I have no
proof, but no
doubts either.  And Lindio says to her, "Respect yourself a
little, the other day all you needed was to
suck up and slobber with that
misogynist Kiko Hernández. Stop
pointing out selective feminist women
and he blocked her.
[Music]
Look, Anaburg, come with me. Come, come,
come, come, come, let's go. It's just that I'm
so embarrassed that I'm going to I'm going to we
have to invite this. Let's see.
You're Macoque and I'm, what's his
name? Gonzalo. Gonzalo. Gonzalo. Okay,
come on, come on. You're on the island,
okay? Come on. Gonzalo. Gonzalo, do you see me
okay? I love you, I love you, I love you. I would
throw myself on TV to eat you with
potatoes. I'll eat you, I'll eat you, I'll eat you, I'll love you, I'll love
you, I'll love you. Gonzalo,
Gonzalo. Oh, how beautiful, how beautiful, how
beautiful, how beautiful, how beautiful that I
love you. You need,  Do you need me to
stay one night? What a cringe, right? The
right hand of sliding. Eat the
TV. I didn't realize how much I loved you
if not
[Music]
what a cringe. You
haven't become a lover and rose of
fight.  Let's see, come on, go on.  Oh, please.
This has been more fun.  This was
more fun than yours.  What
characters are they?  What characters are they?
Well, very well, Indo, you've blocked yourself, you
deserve it.  Olga Moreno says that
in 25 years this is the first time she has
met Gloria Camila.  Okay, so
this was at a party.  What's not
clear to me is why, of course, Gloria
Camila is a contributor, not a regular contributor anymore, but
Olga Moreno is a contributor or was it just
an interview?  Okay,
so here the two of them had a confrontation
with Alesia.  Let's see some
excerpts.
You can come to understand what they have been doing for
4 years, speaking ill of Gloria
and now Gloria.
But I'll tell you one thing.  Of course, because
these people, those who defend Rosío
Carrasco, those who defend Rocío
Carrasco,
however, defend Kiko Hernández.  Oh,
to Kiko Hernandez.  Well, yes, to Kiko
Hernández too, but to Kiko Jiménez.
In the case of, look at you, uh, what
these people are like, uh, what the factions are like.
In the Rocío Carrasco issue, they defend
Rocío Carrasco, but however, in the
Gloria
Camila issue, Olga is also a collaborator.  On
the Gloria Camila issue, they defend
Kiko.  Is that crazy or not
?  Is that crazy or not?
So, how do you see it?
Potelita, little sailor potelita.
But I tell you one thing, you can
come to understand what four carry.
It's the same clip.
You can come to understand what they have been
talking badly about Gloria for 4 years
and now they answer.
But I'll tell you one thing, okay?  They are
making an analogy
because of Roseo Carrasco, right?  That
after so many years he has answered.   Do
n't you think that if you, for example,
sit down on a Friday and bring
up Kiko, you'll make him feel like he's not going to be able to
speak?  You go out and say this about Kiko, that
about Kiko, I reported him for this,
for that, don't you think Kiko has the
right to defend himself?
What balls,
huh?  What balls, huh?  Not this.
Let's see, let's see, let's see, listen to this,
listen to this, listen to this.  Dude, don't you
think that if you, for example, sit down
on a Friday and bring up Kiko
, you'll make him feel like he's not going to be able to talk?   You
go out and say this about Kiko, that about Kiko
, I reported him for this, for that
, don't you think Kiko has the right to
defend himself?  Javi, does Kiko Jiménez have a
sentence?  No, just as
Antonio David doesn't have it either, but if one has the
right to defend himself, so does the
other.  That is, the other one, the other one, eh, they
convicted him, that is, they convicted him
after the
judicial proceedings that the other one lost were over.  I mean, it doesn't
make
sense.  If each Spaniard were to weigh something, it would make
no sense because they are
very similar cases.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers and
super grandmothers, two hearts.  A kiss,
Pili.  That is, Kiko Jiménez makes a living speaking
ill of Gloria
Camila and has said everything about Gloria
Camila and Gloria Camila has spoken out
very little from time to time,
as Roso Carrasco did from time to time through
a friend, through a friend
also from time to time, but they are
very
similar cases.  The famous one, the one who is famous and the one
who talks about her.  Now, that's
gender violence, man.  Well, the law
currently says no, because we
condemn one and not the other.
Because they are the sides, I mean, it doesn't make
sense.  I mean, if Rocío Carrasco is
fed up with a guy because he's been
making money all his life, talking
badly about
her, then she'll agree, she'll be
in favor of her sister in the Kiko
Jiménez case, right?  Why does Roso Carrasco
have a good relationship with Kiko Jiménez?
And I would say that even Kiko Jiménez
has disrespected Gloria
Camila more than Antonio David Roso Carrasco.
Kiko Jiménez even posted some
private audio recordings.  No, he's not being sued
because he posted some audio on
Sálvame.  It's not that either we think one
thing or we think
another.  Either we think one thing or we think
the other.  I think all
opinions are fine, right?  Well, I
agree with Rocío Carrasco on this.  In
the Antonio David Rocío Carrasco case, I
support Rocío Carrasco.  [ __ ] awesome.
So, in the case of Gloria Camila and
Kiko, do you support Gloria Camila?  No, no,
no, no.  In the case of Gloria Camila, I
support Kiko.  Man, but then you,
what is it that you defend?  It doesn't make
sense to sit down for 4 years because it's my
time for me to be able to talk about
my life too.  But it's that, but you can
understand that, you can come to
understand that they have been speaking
badly about Gloria for 4 years and now that Gloria
answers it seems wrong.  But I tell you,
of course, he thinks it's wrong, he thinks it's right if
Rosío Carrasco does it.  Let's see, Mrs.
Alexia up top, sinking Alga Moreno
without
breaking a sweat.  Damn, they've got
balls, huh?
and went after the father of glory,
humiliating him.  Man, I've seen Kiko
being more disrespectful than Antonio
David, huh?  I mean, they seem like very similar cases to me
,
right?  Javi, are you seriously saying that Kiko has
been more disrespectful than Antonio
David?  Kiko has made fun of it, he has
chased the father in person with the
microphone, as they are saying.  To me, these
seem like cases that are very similar in
other eras, in other times.  eh another
number of years, but in the
end, I mean, it doesn't seem that if you are
against Antonio David in one
case, let's see, the case of what
Rocío Carrasco calls gender violence
is that the ex-husband
is speaking badly of her, attacking her
on
television.  That's what she calls
gender violence.  Neither one is gender violence,
nor is the other gender violence
.  The same concept, but there
are many differences.  Yes, yes, there will be many
differences between them, some
things worse from Kiko and other things
worse from Antonio Avil, but in the end
they are similar cases, right?  What is
criticized about one and the other,
right?  Kiko has been very disrespectful,
but the damage Antonio David has done
is incomparable.  Let's see,
Rosaca, if you don't believe
Rocío Carrasco's suicide attempt, why do
n't you believe Gloria Camila suffered from
anoresia?  Or one or the other?  So, what do
we think?  Depending on who the
protagonists or the events are.
Because on the subject of Gloria and Kiko,
well, I like Gloria better than Kiko,
but honestly, from what
Gloria Camila says, well, I don't consider it
gender violence. I think
that she has a role to play in her
fame, just like Rosío Carrasco, Antonio
Aví, I mean, to me, the truth is, what
Antonio Aví does, what he has done, well, it has
never seemed like gender violence to me
.  That doesn't mean I think
he's a guy who's always talking
about her and riding on
her name.  Read me below.  I believe
both.  Okay, Rosaca, well if you believe
both of them, I'm
perfectly
happy with your opinion.  Who I do
n't believe are the people who, on one
issue because the protagonist Rosio
Carrasco is on her side, and on the
other issue because the protagonist Gloria
Camila is on the other side.  No,
man, no, it doesn't make sense.   I'll
tell you why later, given my
opinion.  For example, outside I saw that I
couldn't see it inside, that you stole your
best friend, who was Melisa, her
reward which was Nutella or for
example I saw how Lara Saagen, who was a very good
friend, well you criticized her.  But look, I'll
tell you one thing, I'm really glad you
're here, I want to welcome you
as a colleague.  I don't know how
we're going to get along now, and it's true that
I'm surprised because you said you didn't
feel comfortable on television, and now I
see you everywhere.  But well,
since she doesn't say anything, it's true, Olga
has always said that she didn't like it,
right?  But what are you saying, Javi?  Nothing to
do with it.  So, Belén Esteban, what?
Belén Esteban is another.  Antonio
David.  I have a video on the
main channel comparing the cases of Antonio
David and Belén Esteban and it's the
same.  The thing is, since it's a woman
doing it, Tele5 doesn't seem to
see it the same way, but it's the same.  In other words,
Belén Esteban has
even started criticizing her ex's partner.
Belén Esteban has started criticizing
her ex's partner
.  The truth, but tell the truth, I don't
sit down to talk about people, about
family, about other people, but I do
love the Survivor program.  I'll
sit here.  Well, look, we have something in
common because I love
television, so we already have something in
common.
Man, Olga said she didn't like
TV.  We have talked about this here many
times, we cannot say
otherwise now.  Let's see how it goes.  I would never
get along with Alexia because of everything she's
said about me.  But you are
spiteful, but I am not.  And I give people the
opportunity to accept that when we appear
on television, we have to tolerate
others having their opinions and being able to
respond, and that's what I've
always done politely.  You never missed a
student.  You can talk about Anita's robberies
, because you also stole from
Survivors.  I can tell you one thing in
how many months you will have left on the fourth
answer.  Hey, but she doesn't need a
lawyer, huh?  Alesia is really going strong,
huh?  But he likes hurdeles,
man.  Of course, I understand that it's no longer a
question of taste, but also of
what there is.  What is there?
If you don't like TV, you have to
like it.  You're always very quiet
and now you come to defend her.  That Gloria
knows how to defend herself.
had Alexia there in front of him.  You've
been very quiet too, but really
mean and polite.  Wow, that was a real grind
, huh?
This girl has been really hot, huh?  I don't know if I should watch it from
Gustavo.